Dating Miruna
It feels like taking care of a teenager that she can think and complain and fightback. She does not know how to take care of herself: does not remember to feed herself, drink water. Makes me feel like a buttler for her, she says shes hungry, but when she says that it feels like she is requesting it from me or maybe she just got used to it. It’s a problem. 
After dating her for more than 3 months I don’t feel like I bettered myself. Maybe its my problem. Don’t really play guitar anymore, or have time to go to gym. I prioritise her and her needs. She does want a lot of attention sometimes.
We don’t do anything fun together. We just sit In a room and talk for hours. I try to suggest things, but I make the mistake of suggesting things I already do. I don’t remember her suggesting anything.
She is very weak and always complains about it. She is small and weak. I understand she gets periods and its hard but literally all the time its cold or she’s tired or its raining. Just when we started dating was the time she burned out. She would go to school at 7 for 4 km go talk to people all day and then go home at 11 pm 
Wee don’t have sex. Last month I think we did it 2 times, one of them is just me masturbating her. She complains that she has to say what to do and doesn’t let me experiment myself. She doesn’t give me time to learn things, like kissing neck for example. She just doesn’t want it. She gets horny at 1-2 am most of the time and its at the worst times, when I have to do something tomorrow. Am I going to sacrifice my mood for the entire upcoming day, fuck no. I try to initiate things sometimes but shes just tired or not horny.
She doesn’t take gifts. Sure maybe I am guilty of making her feel bad about taking things, i never mean to insult her in anyway. I think she overthinks what I mean when I say something. It feels like I’m being hunted in every word I say. I feel like she thinks shes speaking to a girl, like every word has somekind of deeper meaning behind it.
